Synthetics: Not sure if best place for it (#1597)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/observability/synthetics/cli.md

:   Name of the provider or service that is assocaited with the account.

`--label <string>`

> ## Airgapped environments

Author: I would stick with airgapped, anytime you do not have internet access and run Kibana OnPremise. At least Airgapped will be term that most search for. We have it in lots of other places as well.

> ## Airgapped environments

Reviewer: Looks like we use ["air-gapped environments."](https://www.elastic.co/docs/reference/fleet/air-gapped)

```suggestion
## Air-gapped environments
```

> When we have to deal with airgapped environments we often endup in quite complicated setups and workarounds. Custom certificates are very common and might not be trusted by your NodeJS install or NodeJS container. To circumvent this and still make it work you can execute all `npx` related commands with `NODE_TLS_REJECT_UNAUTHORIZED=0` at the beginning. Thus creating a new project looks like this `NODE_TLS_REJECT_UNAUTHORIZED=0 npx @elastic/synthetics init project-name`. This will ignore any certificate errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When working in air-gapped environments, setup can become complex and require workarounds. One common issue is Node.js installations or containers not trusting custom certificates. To bypass certificate errors, prefix `npx` related commands with `NODE_TLS_REJECT_UNAUTHORIZED=0`. For example, `NODE_TLS_REJECT_UNAUTHORIZED=0 npx @elastic/synthetics init project-name`. This allows the command to run even if the certificate isn't trusted.
```

How about something like this?

> :   Identifier for the account. Defaults to `SyntheticsTOTP`

Author: Ah damn, I'll go ahead and fix that probably happened in the github editor.
